How do I make hot reload work while running a Next.js app within a docker container?

1. Pull the necessary images from Docker Hub.
2. Create a docker-compose.yml file.
3. Add a script to your package.json file.
4. Run the app in development mode.
5. Test to make sure hot reload is working.

If you're looking to run a Next.js app within a docker container, you'll need to take a few extra steps to get hot reload working. In this post, we'll walk you through everything you need to do to get your app up and running with hot reload.

First, you'll need to pull the necessary images from Docker Hub. We recommend using the official Node.js image and the official Next.js image.

Next, you'll need to create a docker-compose.yml file. Within this file, you'll need to specify the Node.js image and the Next.js image. You'll also need to specify the ports that your app will be running on.

After that, you'll need to add a script to your package.json file. This script will be responsible for running your app in development mode.

Once you've added the script, you can run your app in development mode by running the following command:

```
npm run dev
```

Finally, you'll need to test to make sure hot reload is working. To do this, you can simply make a change to your code and save the file. If hot reload is working, you should see the change reflected in your browser.

That's all there is to it! With just a few extra steps, you can get hot reload working while running a Next.js app within a docker container.